I'll get done. I can't take their hands off each other.
Lucky you said he wasn't possible.
Do you want to change that?
We help each other. We both get what we want.
Wow.
What are you thinking about?
What happened to five years ago?
I never wanted to believe that you'd betray me.
Was that all of misunderstanding?
You've achieved your dreams now.
And I know that you love me.
You would never do anything to hurt me.
So I'm going to tell you the truth.
What's the truth?
Five years ago, your mother came to see me.
And that's the whole story, Davian.
I didn't want to hold you back.
You had no right to make that decision for me.
I never saw you or your family as a burden.
I didn't want to destroy your future.
I'm sorry I'm so angry.
You've suffered enough.
From now on, I need to protect you.
I love you too, Davian.
Oh, and one more thing.
About this baby.
About this baby, Davian.
He's...
Lucky, come quick.
Your dad was being up by the creditors who's drawing his breath.
He wants to see you.
What?
No, no, I'm coming.
What's going on?
I...
What if he's just using rad to lure me over for money again?
I can't let him find out Davian and I are back together.
He'll just ask Davian for more.
If something came up at work, I gotta go in.
What were you going to tell me?
You're after I come back.
You're mine now.
What are you talking about?
Where is he? What is he up to?
I cleared all of Peter's debts.
He doesn't have to hide anymore.
He's probably off enjoying himself somewhere.
Brad, have you lost your mind?
You didn't have to do that.
I'm going to go find him so you can get your money back.
Is there something else?
You don't have to do anything.
I'll do anything for you, lucky.
Because I love you.
Forget about Davian.
Stay with me, okay?
No, no, no.
I only love Davian.
Brad, we got back together.
You did?
I can't do this alone!
No!
I didn't mean to scare you.
I got so annoyed hearing you mention his name.
At least I'll be scared of you.
Just calm down.
I should...
I'm gonna leave.
Don't go.
Don't leave me!
You should take a look at this.
You asked me to investigate the break in at Lucky's house?
Well, I found that someone was sent by Zondra.
She made a deal with him.
That's why the police haven't found any leads.
Zondra Smith, you're under arrest for criminal solicitation.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can, I will be used against you in a court of law.
No, no! You have no proof.
I bet you anything Lucretia is setting me up.
If you work behind this, how do you know Lucky is picked up?
Don't you talk about it.
Dean Ian, are you wasting your time with this whore?
I mean, come on, her father is already married or off to Rad.
I'm the one being our child.
I'm sorry, Mr. Green.
The child Ms. Smith is caring is not yours.
She asked me to rewrite the hospital records to cover up the assimilation this happened.
Insemination is half?
Yes.
I was in charge of the artificial assimilation of Ms. Smith and Ms. Salvador,
but I accidentally mixed up the samples and Ms. Salvador ended up receiving yours instead.
Excuse me?
Ms. Lucretia Salvador?
She asked me not to tell you.
Lucky is carrying my child.
Why would she hide that for me?
Sorry, but I don't know the answer to that.
Why?
Why is she answering her phone?
Put me through to Lucretia's salary law, please.
I'm sorry she's not here.
What?
Is her boss there?
She asked her to come in early for an emergency.
No, sir.
Mr. Keller hasn't been there.
What is going on?
Inshrin Hall.
Damn it.
Lucky, where are you?
I need to talk to you.
Damien, when did you get back?
Wait.
Aren't you supposed to be in the countryside living the retired life?
Why are you back in LA?
I was running for my debts.
The amount of that I got money, I don't need to run them.
Where's Lucky?
With my rich son-in-law, of course.
Son-in-law?
Who?
Brad Keller is the owner of an airline company, and he's much more generous than you.
He gave me $30,000 in advance, and promised me another $100,000 if I get my daughter to marry him.
You son of a bitch.
He'd probably kidnap Lucky.
Tell me where they are.
Roger Lynch?
Where are we?
What do you want?
Take it easy.
It's okay.
I'll protect you.
You know me.
I'm not going to hurt you.
I'm not a bad person.
Well then, how do you explain this?
I just don't want you running away again.
You're my wife.
Wife?
We've been over this before, Rad.
We are just friends.
I will never marry you.
Okay?
You will marry me, Lucky.
I couldn't take care of you from your chairs.
I found you again.
Don't worry.
I'll give you time to take care of her.
In your wildest dreams.
You want the soft approach?
We're going to do it rough.
You know how long I've been waiting to fuck you?
No.
No breath.
Stop!
You do this.
We'll never love you.
You're fucking ex-boyfriend.
No.
Because even if he was in the picture, I would never loved you.
I was a friend for 12 years.
I know you loved me.
Except that bastard took your love away from me.
If I get rid of him.
No, no, no.
Please, Rad.
Rad, don't.
No.
No, stay.
Rad!
Fuck you too.
You know how much I want to be a grandmother.
Well, don't worry.
I will find her.
And I will make sure that her and the baby are safe.
Could he do this?
Damn it!
My gambling has ruined my daughter's life.
Could the gambling bring my daughter back to me safely?
Please!
Stop!
Cuz.
Rad Keller did secretly take a helicopter, tracked him to this location.
I'll go there quietly.
My man.
He is with me, Damien.
If you want her back alive, come alone.
Fine.
Just don't hurt her.
I sent you the location.
Remember.
Come alone.
Or she dies.
I have to go alone.
Don't follow me.
Damien!
Oh, it's raining.
I'm here!
I need to trap you.
You need to leave.
You need to get out of here now to trap.
Please!
Don't forget about me.
You need to leave.
Too late.
He's not going anywhere.
I did as you asked.
I came here alone.
Now let her go.
Damien, you are so nice.
You should have known better.
You had your turn with her.
That was my turn.
Sick.
Fuck.
I don't see any of them.
I won't let this man hurt you, lucky.
I'm fine.
Please, get out of here.
He's crazy enough to shoot.
You made her cry!
I'm going to send you to hell.
No, Rad, don't.
But I did.
You want to protect him?
Okay.
I'll send you to hell too.
I'm not a bad person.
Lucky, I just wanted you to love me.
Damien.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I graduated from LS training today.
They named me the best flight attendant.
Are you proud?
My love.
It's getting colder.
Can you feel it?
I remember when I was cold and you would hold me in your arms.
I thought I wasn't cold at all.
And now that you're gone.
There's no one to hold me in our baby.
I'll always be here to hold you in our baby.
True week.
I'm sorry for worrying about it.
We're finally here.
I know.
He's so sorry too.
My beautiful bride.
I'm here to take you away.
Honey, doesn't the airline own this plane?
Isn't all this decor a little much?
Babe, this is my private plane.
I can decorate it how I want.
We're going to Bali for our honeymoon.
Cretia Green.
You once told me that you loved the sky.
You longed for your free.
Now that you saw through the skies,
you're a famous man.
Of course it will.
Me and Green, you belong to the sky.
And I belong to you.